Burt Reynolds the most exciting star on
the screen today the beautiful and
provocative Sarah miles is that
absolutely necessary you are arrogant
domineering Burt Reynolds is the man who
loved kept dancing Sarah miles is
Katherine who would do anything for love
my wife's been kidnapped abducted I can
assure you mr. lapchance my wife will be
avenged mr. Crocker's no sense getting
all worked up yet we don't have any
evidence to prove anything one way or
the other
all right that's enough that's enough
Burt Reynolds running from a memory Sara
miles running from a man is it possible
your wife is running away from you I'm
thinking about it a lot I'd like to have
your baby out here in the middle of
nowhere you've been through hell and you
want to have a baby your baby all right
take off your clothes
Burt Reynolds Sarah Mayer
dec 14 2013
I intended to kill him anyway I
certainly will now
the man who loved get denser one woman
will die for one woman will kill for it
the excitement of Maryland Durham's
best-selling novel the electricity of
Burt Reynolds and Sarah Mayer
MGM's
love get Benson
you